College is great in so many ways and I have so many great memories. Some
of my favorites are number one, I remember when I was in my introductory
C++ class, we made this game where you start like four beads
at the bottom and you have to like figure out the right ones by the
time you get to the top. I remember I was really really into that game
I was practicing day and night, I'd barely eat, you know eating
pizza while programming. I was you know taking a break with my girlfriend
watching a Netflix movie and then go back to that programming.
You know staying up till midnight you know she gets up in the in the
middle of the night like "Hey, are you still programming?" It's like
yep, you know still going all the way up until the morning, really
being challenged. And I remember thinking before I start this I had
no idea what to do and by the end of it I felt like I really finished
my first game and it was really exciting and I was really good at,
it was janky you know like there were lots of problems and lots of
bugs you know bugs that I had to figure out. But it was my first quality
work, it was the first homework assignment that I ever really
completed that I was proud of that I could show someone that someone
could actually play. That's something that came from me, you know.
So I think having that entire experience was one of my best college
memories you know. Of course you know with my girlfriend like being
there you know, bouncing off her so it was really good. Those times
were really good.